something that I worry about in this
industry and I see it disappearing in
some instances
to be involved in this end
truck drivers don't present the image to
the public that they used to night I
think this is a mistake I
we should strive to
image
appears lately
how to do that I am a believer in in
keeping everything clean for instance I
think a clean truck inside and outside
presents itself well as a statement
towards your professionalism I believe
the way you dress says something about
your professionalism I know these days
you can probably get in trouble because
you're being discriminatory but I think
clean clothes clean shoes no no socks
and sandals or sweatpants
just because when you step out of the
truck you present an image and the image
is being portrayed to other truck
drivers to shippers receivers customers
dispatchers company owners
I think it's important to come across as
a profession
come across someone that doesn't look
like them
and it's an important thing and it's all
got to do with your attitude if you're
going to do this for a living I know
old-fashioned and that were heard but I
think
and appearance in the attitude has an
awful lot to do with you
oh well I think it it falls over into
the way you drive the truck to I
race along I kind of poke along I take
my time
never in a hurt
relax behind the wheel take things in
stride
to let the traffic get ahead I don't
like to be proud in traffic I find it
just by poking along these days
everyone's so impatient that those
going that allows me to keep us safer
margin the safety of in front of the
truck where it's particularly
words stopping distance available
tuition
I find it when you're relaxed and just
kind of idling along
time to check everything that's going on
around you
part of being a professional is to
anticipate the idiots
God knows there's enough for the boat
here these days
so if you anticipate that they're going
to do something stupid then you won't be
surprised and on
when they when they do to something
stupid
you can beg on the fact that they will
so I like to I like to be prepared for
them to do the dumbest things
should hurry
or stock quickly and I find it you're
less jeopardy when you're just going
slow I like to run about 60 miles an
hour
and not only does it give me better fuel
help fire fire blacks attitude
and I feel it support
feeling regressive and driving and
wrestling
to anybody
be a professional
take your time relax look around and
keep an eye on everything else going
around
we all need as professionals in this
industry
is for my wages have become a real
problem
in this industry that's why so many the
old Trident your guys are dropping at it
what time
if we're going to be treated with
respect
we have to be able to burn
and act and play the part bead I believe
that
more of us acted professional
just drivers in this industry
not only would it be a good thing for
our image
publicly but I think it would be a good
thing for us as a group because perhaps
we could learn as professionals to the
interact among each other
in a better fashion and to help us help
us band together as a group
more and that can only do us good when
it comes to
having our rates improve
negotiating contracts with shippers or
receivers or tracking companies
I think if we all
became a little more professional
what we do and how we approach it
it would help us as an industry this
drivers it
I think that's important because I I see
us as a whole in this
becoming
more and more dissected
different cultures now involved
TRUCKING and I think it's I think that's
hurt us
I would like to see us back together as
a group as a single group
rather than
diverse crew where everyone had their
truce